I like the smell of coffee. 

i can romantacize sitting by a floor to ceiling window by a book nook in a quaint coffe shop with a fresh cup of "hot drink" (which in my mind i seem to always say coffee but there is a "but" which i have deffered for a bit later.).
However, I have realized I don't like coffee. Caffine has done nothing for me. maybe i just ddint really feal it, or feel the need for it. I dont know. But the asthetic! I hear you. 
so I tried buying myself a nice cup of a Decaf Caramel Macchiato. I have yet to formulate a defined opinion on caffine so why not decaf? I just worry that I'll get jittery.
And i was lookign forward to a nice caramel drink and unfortunately what met my tounge was something quite bitter. and not in the good way like a pan "fried"? bitter gourd. 

I could help but think that I had infact wasted my 7 dollars. 


I still like the semll of coffee tho. 



Windows and Looking in

So I try my best to not sepnd too much time on social media, however "social" it claims to be. It does help that most of my friends aren't on these platforms as well but it does mean that we seldominteract if we don't see to face. But it does depend, there are some people that i by circumstance primarily only itneract with online. But these are quite the social interact as i come out the other end feeling better. Feeling fuller and more. 

Don't get me wrong I don't hate these products. Hate requires some dedciation and lack of apathy. 

For with social media we have given a larger gorup of peole the power to become storytellers. we have gone from eras of caves 

My mian issue with them is that for however much good that comes from
But whatever instagram or linkedin has to offer comes 



Recently saw a video from the etomologynerd on youtube about windows and the language we use around them. 



I've been writing this post sitting here waiting for my plane and slowling sippign tha tmachiato and i think it's growing on me. as i chug it, but it could just be that i encountered a higher concentration of caramel in which cause yes i like caramel. 





2024.01.11
A story of a long wait, a short window, and nameless new friends. 


My entire day today has been spent traveling
I arried at the airport around 8:30 and due to the previous weather conditions yesterday (it snowed about 2 inches here in Atlanta) many of the flights had been rebooked. Now my flight had been changed and moved up an hour earlier to 10:55. That would have been fine seening that I arrived 2.5 hours earlier. Unfortunatly the TSA line was massive and we were barely moving. The two girls behind me had their flight in the next 20 minutes and the person in front of me theirs in the next 40. 

When we first turne dthe corner and saw the massive line snaking around about 11 times the same length we had just travelled in the past 20 minutes our hearts sunk. But I actually really enjoyed the wait. Because the mild collective suffering of strangers proves to be an incredible breeding ground for new friendships. 

I met this badass(?) lady with travel anxity that reminded me a littel bit of Rachel from Friends and these delightful two poeple behind me who's plane was taking off as they were rebooking. The lady was quite endeaing, as we walked past a bar she qucikly dipped in to take a shot to ease of her travel anxiety and she was quite worried the line was going to start moving so soon and shed have no time. But really she was very friendly and funny and she offered to buy the other three of a round of shots. Seeing as we were all underage, and we weren't accustomted to the strange kindess of strangers we refused. 

    She did go on to then offer to buy us drinks at starbucsk which the other two took after telling us about how she found a giftcard soemone had thrown away that had 50 dollars on it. Now looking back I should have taken her offer, but instead bought a drink instead fo the $7.30 and regreted. 

But the best part was when she asked if the bartender could deliver her a shot in the line and about 10 minutes later she'd run up to us with a tiny clear container of some clear alchaol. The contianer was like the ones you find at Antico's by the additional topics of chillies (which I love very much and regret when my mouth inevitably is on fire) and garlic. Seeing the shot taken for to go (maybe a first, most likely not) I think a fun business venture would be to put shots in one of those edible seaweed casings that you can turn liquids into large water droplets like form hit Pixar film "A Bug's Life". 

Now I was flying Southwest and lucikly when I called customer care adn explained the situation in about 5 minutes the wonderful lady on the other side had trackked my checked in bags and rebooked my flight to 5pm today (with theorically an hour and a half at the Denver Airport to transfer to my connecting flight. Spoilers: I didnt.) I do love Southwest airlines their customer serivce is always so kind and so quick and while they might not have so many direct flights I do appreicate the garunteed free two checked bags (and the ghrahm crackers and prtezels). 



The others in the long lines however didnt all have the same luck with rebooking. Eventually tho the other lady we were haning out with also got a new flight! and the TSA line started moving fast only becaus they kept rerouting and adding more distance. But 4 hours and 1.4 miles of queueing later we were on the other side!

I hope i see them agian someday, somewhere, mayabet an airport. I never got their names. 



Anywho, I then procdded to spend the next four hours not watching Pantheon like i'd intdned and isntead writing a Linkedin post, catching up with friends, and reflecting on coffee, windows, montages, and the past semster. [LInk to "On Coffee and Windows"](). but the plane got delayed an hour (encroching on my conenction flight) and that hour was spent making sure I would be able to get on the plane and weather or not I could make the trek out to the other end of the airporot to get myself Five Guys. 


Then on the plane i struggled to stay away for the take off as i kept dozing on in the conforting taxi of the plane. About an hour later I woke up to the conversation of my seat neighbors o fthe conversation "I was a psychology major but I wanted to work with animals and I jsut took that path, " paraphrased here " but you know when your 18-19 you think you know what youw ant to do and thigns change" 
at which point i promptly jumped in pointed at myself. 

I learned that the retired man that was sitting in the midddle had been the Head of Rocky Mountain National Park Conservation and that he'd marjoed in landscape architecture. But now he flys RC planes and 3D prints for fun. I remmber thinking when i first saw him sit with us that this man had aged so gracefully and hoping I'd get to do the same, he was quite spry and active, and looked a lot like Ted Dansen for what its worth and he'd kept up with the techonlogy and taken on new hobbies. Actually thinking back now he really does remind me of Ted Dansen in "A Man on the Inside". 

the Woman sitting in the aisle was actually a wild animal conservationist and worked for a non profit for cats and dogs. She also had two children that we larend about one of whom aged 7 had great aspirations of becoming a rocket engineer and loved Kerbel Space Program. 

We then talked about technolyg, how to feel about kids using iti, the elk population maintance in the Rocky Mountains after having been reintroduced ot the land and thrived with the lack of a migration instinct and any natural predtors of the wolf and bear variety (whose native population had suffered). 
Then we taked about 3d Printing, advances in technology, what happnes when "unskilled" labor is automated what new jobs arise?
The differnt breeds of dogs and the nostalgia of scooters and community and lonliness of an adult after having community taken away after graduation. 

And we also talked about flip phones and building community spaces once again. 

I again did not get their names. 



The plane landed at around 7:07 and taxied slowly into the gat and by the time i got out it was 7:18. My conencting flight had already been boarding and take off was at 7:25. I had all of 7 minutes to sprint to my next gate. Thankfully it was only two gates over but the Denver airport being excessivly large i ran past a bunch of airiport shops and restraurnts to finally join the ranks of the last boarding group as the boarded. 

And that is how I only spent 3 minutes inside the Denver Airport. 





Today Arjun asked me whn I last stared at the moon. It was Thrusday around 4pm when I watched my sister walk over to her piano lesson. 